Psalm 84 to the chief musician on an
Psalm 84 to the chief musician on an instrument of gas a psalm of the sons of
instrument of gas a psalm of the sons of
instrument of gas a psalm of the sons of korah
how lovely is your Tabernacle old Lord
how lovely is your Tabernacle old Lord of Hosts my soul longs yes even faints
of Hosts my soul longs yes even faints
of Hosts my soul longs yes even faints for the courts of the Lord my heart and
for the courts of the Lord my heart and
for the courts of the Lord my heart and my flesh cry out for the Living God even
my flesh cry out for the Living God even
my flesh cry out for the Living God even the sparrow has found a home and the
the sparrow has found a home and the
the sparrow has found a home and the swallow a nest for herself or she may
swallow a nest for herself or she may
swallow a nest for herself or she may lay her young even your altars Oh Lord
lay her young even your altars Oh Lord
lay her young even your altars Oh Lord of Hosts my king and my god
of Hosts my king and my god
of Hosts my king and my god blessed are those who dwell in your
blessed are those who dwell in your
blessed are those who dwell in your house they will still be praising you
house they will still be praising you
house they will still be praising you blessed is the man whose strength is in
blessed is the man whose strength is in
blessed is the man whose strength is in you whose heart is set on pilgrimage as
you whose heart is set on pilgrimage as
you whose heart is set on pilgrimage as they passed through the valley of Baker
they passed through the valley of Baker
they passed through the valley of Baker they make it a spring the rain also
they make it a spring the rain also
they make it a spring the rain also covers it with pools they go from
covers it with pools they go from
covers it with pools they go from strength to strength each one appears
strength to strength each one appears
strength to strength each one appears before God in Zion all Lord God of hosts
before God in Zion all Lord God of hosts
before God in Zion all Lord God of hosts hear my prayer give ear o God of Jacob
hear my prayer give ear o God of Jacob
hear my prayer give ear o God of Jacob o God behold our shield and look upon
o God behold our shield and look upon
o God behold our shield and look upon the face of your anointed for a day in
the face of your anointed for a day in
the face of your anointed for a day in your courts is better than a thousand I
your courts is better than a thousand I
your courts is better than a thousand I would rather be a doorkeeper in the
would rather be a doorkeeper in the
would rather be a doorkeeper in the house of my god
house of my god
house of my god and dwell in the tents of wickedness for
and dwell in the tents of wickedness for
and dwell in the tents of wickedness for the Lord God is a Sun and shield the
the Lord God is a Sun and shield the
the Lord God is a Sun and shield the Lord will give grace and glory no good
Lord will give grace and glory no good
Lord will give grace and glory no good thing will he withhold from those who
thing will he withhold from those who
thing will he withhold from those who walk uprightly all Lord of Hosts blessed
walk uprightly all Lord of Hosts blessed
walk uprightly all Lord of Hosts blessed is the man who trusts in you
is the man who trusts in you
is the man who trusts in you [Music]